Alright guys I just picked up some knowledge while I was going through my subliminals, I like literally snapped.

Ok, take a good look at this subliminal that I made, take a good olde look at it, now look at all these other subliminals compared to mine.


Yes, you see it! they all say stomach, all of them, and mine says belly. LOL. There is something that really makes me think, WOW, just wow.

WHY ARE PEOPLE SAYS STOMACH, ITS THE BELLY WTFFF IS GOING ON! 

As you look up the definition for stomach it says. ITS A ORGAN ok the stomach is a whole flippin, 
organ how are people going to get flat stomach ISNT THAT DANGEROUS

Well, NO it completely fine, what I found today, just explains everything so clearly, why some people aren't getting results.

So we know that the belly is where the fat is stored right, it should be FLAT BELLY not flat stomach, heck that some dangerous stuff, 
NO AGAIN NO it's not dangerous.

are subconscious records everyting since birth right, so if we grew up thinking your thumb is your pinky, as you get older it turns into a habit, 
as the subconscous records it saves that as true, you subconscious dosent have rules, so if you were to listen to a get shorter thumb your 
pinky would get short due to the habit your subconscious gained over years.

Your subconscious has no law it just records what it expeirnces so if you said flat stomach, your subconscoius would think you mean flat belly, 
or in that location where you imagined is where you want
the fat gone.

THERE NO LAW, you create the laws you experience. damn that sounds badass.

So I could see why I got many results from my plump lips sub or why many people get results from lips subs, because our subconscious 
easily knows what lips are. It basic for the subconscious!


so this gave me more complex thoughts, what if people aren't geting results because their subconscious created a laws, due to expeirnces 
with that word so for example a sub maker makes a flawless skin sub and included, flawless skin but their subconscious didnt record the word flawless, nor had expeirnces 
since birth with that word since so it dosent know what it looks like or what it means fully.

So tips I want you to do, is STUDYYYY, study the area your changing, everyday look at a image of you upturned eye, 
or the perfect nose, because for all we know it couldbe your subconscious trying to find a image, or some learning to know 
where this is. or it could be your subconscious is recording your nose as your lips, or you subconscious you record your arm as your leg.Study everything in your playist
truly find out if you know what they really mean from your own mind your own expeirnces you had with it.

I just wish there was a way to check our habit to see if we truly knew what they meant. and I guess we can, by thinking and using google images and relearning these
parts of our body, STUDY EVERYDAY GUYS. I could prove this method words because I did try this way back in 2018 when I firsted started my channel

*the bicep method I did