100% PROOF SUBLIMNALS WORK, NO ANGLES, NO REFLECTIONS, NO BS!
Hello, My fellow subscribers, 

Yes, Im getting of tired of this reflections and angles bs! I actually want
some video on Youtube that shows valid proof! Yes, we can't always rely on videos and 
pictures for proof! I understand! So Im sorry for the clickbait title but this can be our first step, we could say baby steps!
I just want just one video on Youtube somewhere that shows results of 100% 
SUBLIMINALS WORKING, NO ANGLES, NO REFLECTIONS, NO BS!

Alright before we start this video, someone pointed out how
simplistic I explain things, and I want to point that out, because I try my best
guys to make things as simple as possible for you, lol so yeah pay attention!

Alright as you guys or some of you guys, remebered your first time, yes
the time when actually got results!

Well my first was actually someone you have probably
heard of m,.//sushibcu! yes she was the first channel that
ever gave me noticable results, and yes she was the one that
found my channel, like out of the blue, she just happened to find my
channel back then in 2018! She literally gave me a shout out, she 
did it out of generosity, and i think she felt something in my channel
and I want to thank here, whole heartly for that!

So yes I was scrolling through her channel and found and subliminal called
small lips subliminal, yes I was insecure about my lips back then but over time I
grew out of that insecurity and actually admired my lips, big juicy luscious lips!

But yeah I was just curious and checked out her channel and tried that subliminal!
and that's when everything changed! It took only 3 days to get results from her channel
from that subliminal! I almost cried but yeah! I went straight to the bathroom bust open the door
went to the mirror, and yeah my sisters were in there messing with makeup, so yes I was in there and my life 
flashed before my eyes, I literally couldn't believe how this happened my sisters were even shocked about this
discover! The way Im going to explain what happened to my lips will make you think Im crazy! But when I told you\
my lips were like rasians Im serious, I could see my lips desperatley trying to prune up
to get to a smaller size, it was unbeleivable, I also witnessed my upper lips fading its look like it was 
decreasing in color! Like discoloration! but the odd thing there is the shape, it was still there but color was
reducing from the top lips! My sisters were in shocked amazed but terrifed why my lips looks so unsual! 
so when I was listening guys, I totally had not desire to want, I just listened guys back then! I was not
focused on worry, and Im going to attach a video on Aaron Doughty in the description,about the Magic Of Detachment!
So yeah thats basically how my channel got started basically the motivation of results I've gotten from sushibcu

Now you must be wondering what the heck is this video, well this is a redo, I did not continue listen after I got
results from her, I actually was so amazed back then that I thought I could listen for 3 days and just stop!
I really don't have a problem with the way my lips look now again I love them the way they are! But I was curious 
back then and I want to actually PROVE TO YOU GUYS SUBLIMINALS ARE REAL, NO ANGLE, NO REFLECTION, NO BS! Straight posture! aligned
camera with a tripod! And a constant light bulb, videos & pitures of my  results taken only at night, because if we taken in during the day light would
glaze over the bathroom window! so yeah in my bathroom eeryday for a week, or less! because back then  Results only took me 3 days last time

So what subliminals will I be listening to and for how long!
Well back then I listen for a good 5 hours, while gaming and browsing, so I guess I will do the same!

I will be using m.//sushibcu and my small lips sub, 5 hours for each subliminal! 

I also wanted say the reason I started this video on the lips is because the lips contain very soft connective tissue,
which is very easy for the subsconious to change more quickly! I noticed many results are mainly from connective tissue or 
just anything that involves fat!

And also if your wondering I downloaded both subliminal as mp3, to also end the whole mp3 is bad debate 
which has already been debunked by me link in description. Or check top right card in the video But wait don't leave yet, watch this video first!

DID NOT FEEL TINGLES, MY CUPID BOW  HOW LONG I LISTENED EACH










So many of you want to know why scientist or any sort of professinal psychologist aren't studying this to this day, well for
a more shorter answer, we can say, COMPLEXITY, we can say it has been tested and PROVEN by physcology which was lasted testback in 2008 by Fitzsimons, Chartrand, and Fitzsimons, 
but they all test what influences thoughts and behavior while using subliminals, BUT WHY NOT PHYSICAL, anything I found on the internet involoves  question about physical changes were found on QUORA a site where you ask amutuers or a stranger anything
like WTF, why isnt any scientist studying physical changes, Im totally lost here, it either one guys saying "YES, it works I've seen many changes my body" and the other guy says "you cannot change your hard coded physical appearance, as you cannot change someones DNA though mere suggestion.

So, the answer is no." when Im going through many doubtful peopole, they never link where they find there research, they just blantly say no. LIKE BRo WHERE'S YOUR RESEARCH!
 
but scientist why arent scientist focusing on this subject to this day, why aren't there actually pictures from scientist. 
well scientist cant every prove or disprove that physical subliminals works, even if they did get physical results they would have to prove that it
fully works by discovering what caused it, and that would be going to the next step which is the subconscious, which would be counted as a false factor because we havent
fully discovered our subconscious.
 
 if anyone remebers that science problem you remeber back in school about the plants and the scientific method
if you remember from science, you need a CONSTANT AKA "CONTROLLED VARIABLE" so I want you to imagine, if our mind were swapped with the plants,
this would go all wrong, because when it comes to this scientifc method you need to keep things constant. Like our mind
we all have different beliefs, emotions and all sorts of neurons that will effect the way results will comes, so
making this a science expirment for scientist, will come with so many complex studies, knowing that all our minds operate
differently!


Yes, subliminals  work, but over all it's very complex to disect for science due to our belifs were holding 
Heck we haven't even fully discoevered our subconscious nor do we fully no if the subconscious
is what really causes this!


You can prove as much as you want to science, you can shove the results up their notstrils, they would still state, "oh
without the sciencfic method this cannot be provend!" hahaa

 without some sort of system or scientic method, it stands on the term
Pseudoscience. 


Pseudoscience means  its incompatible with the scientific method. So yes this will never be proven! SCIENTIFICALLY 


So what would I say for people who aren't getting results, I would basically tell them, to explore.


yes explore the mind, I always see in the community many users telling other users to drink water,
do this and that to get results, do this method and you will get instant results Yes, I truly enjoy those concepts and I have all respect for them.

But you should be telling them also examine their own mind, be self aware of how
their subconscious likes things, because all our minds work differently.
So what you need is a self examination of your own subconscious, really expirment with it.
What I mean is if your not getting results, do things that you normal don't do, reduce your playlist size, if you are 
used to making large playlist, use small sub channels, instead of big ones. And yes I mean small safe channels!

If you are expirmenting you always need a variable, something that changes, as the scientific method says! Do something you never done, stop listening to
main stream channels, just because a channel recieves lots of results does not mean it works for every single person.
I mean We all have different beliefs very unique minds, it's so beautiful how our minds operate, so what Im going to say right now
is very stupid but if you been with me since the OG times back in 2018 and have not recieved any results from me! PLease stop listening and go
to some other channel that might be effective for you! ok expirement, Im doing this for your own good, because I want to seee you all happy, but me
Im just some ordinary guy that got inspired, please do not branch me as some king.


Many of you guys need a seasonal clean, a change, to something you never done, as I said m.//sushibcu gave me results
and I was not expecting that. Just because a channel is large does not mean it some holy God that will work for everything
and I mean it is common sense to anyone, I don't why I'm explaining! but you get me!



DONT FORGET TO RECORD THAT VEL

So one of the key factors of what I gained from observation and the past expirences in my life, is basically,   
you know when I said I was insecure about my lips, ir could be because my subconscous could easily visualize that because when I was
younger I was so focused on the way my lips looked, I was emotional insecure, and yes emotion plays a huge role on your subconscious,
it's like a trigger for the subconscious! Anything you happen to remeber when you were young, for exmaple if you have parents fighting they always tell you to go your roomm, guess why! because that
goes to the subconscious in the childs mind when they are younger, due to how much information your subconscious is gathering at a young age! Emotion drives or we can say triggers your subconscious,
so fights from your parent when you were little are instantly stored and easily remebered from the day it happened!
we can say another factor could be because how simplistic lips are, the soft coneective tissue in the lips
make it easier to change,or another factor could be because subconscious is only good at changing tissue or another factor could be the way m.//sushibcu speed up her affirmations, which this prediction can be proven wrong because in my lip sub
I didn't speed it up, antoher factor after I started listening, was last time I got results. I was working out, and you may not know but when you workout, you realease happy chemicals aka Dopamine, that energized and give you such a good feeling!
Heck that might be it, who knows!
 you see what I mean by exploring, this is a clear example of what I mean. stop listening to just methods and tips, explore and test for yourself!
 It always , and I mean always good to go back double check thing, see what made you get results, what were you doing at that time!










