3 WAYS TO CONVINCE THE SUBCONSCOIUS MIND!


Hello fellow subscribers, so I was shower thoughts the other day, I mean mainly
about my new booster and I came upon new ways we could convince our subconsious
and yeah there are so many methods out there that involve convincing the subconscious mind.
And yes I know our subconscoius believes everything is true, its a tape recorder and it just records, so it thinks
everything is true, but what if we can increase the trueness of the desire more! What if we can give more convincing
desires to the subconscious,  well I stumbled upon two new ways we could actually well there are 3 but one of them
is something we already use. but these 3 ways are basically a way to connect and interact more or
we can say improve our flexibilty with our subconscious. For this exmample we are going to take our subconscious and 
were going to switch with a actually person, now how do you convince a normal being that something is true, well this is
where the term comes in Enviromental, so yes this is something we basically heard in the community

So what are these three ways or we can say concepts to convince the subconscious

These three concepts are  TIME    ENVIROMENTAL     FIRST PERSON-


TIME - Concept is designed to CONVINCE YOU HAD THIS DESIRE SINCE THE BEGINNING OF TIME, 
MAYBE OUR SUBCONSCIOUS AREN'T CONVINCED AS MUCH.

Alright some of you guy may know already know that I talked about this
in my community posts and my booster, but one of the ways we can convince the subconscious 
is time period, make the subconscious think it had this new beliefs since the beginning stages 
of its time, or when it was younger, so I did create some affirmations up my sleve that
would help with this. For exmaple: "I loved to have my desires since I was young" this affirmation
convinces more to the subconscious that you had this beliefs since the beginning of time, or when you
were younger, but yeah thats the whole concept

But moving on



This next one is my favorite one.


ENVIROMENTAL- Which USES THINGS OR EVENTS AROUND TO SHOW WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU HAVE THAT DESIRE,
Or Google defintion of enviromental- relatiing or arising from a person's surroundings


So this one is something I see a little in instagram community when I see
Instagram pretend accounts! Basically what pretend accounts is when you try to act
like your the desired person and you have there instagram account, it does definetly fall into
envirmental because it is a thing that surrounds a person and there life.

We can say envirmental concept is used mainly when your visualizing, which is really GOOD

So what I have not seen is people useing this envirmental concept in affirmations.


So basically...


WHAT FIRST OCCURS WHEN YOU GET THAT DESIRES, What event happens when you have that desire

Wwe can say your relative will look and become shocked?

What would change around you from that desire. (Explain & Exaggerate)


For exmaple, you tying to achieve long hair, so you start to desire and
you finally achieve it, so what happens when you have that long hair,

well one of the first things you do is, start to brush that long hair.
A AFFIRMATION example would be: I love to brush my long hair. OR we could 
say my sister is shocked about my long hair. These enviromental instances
start to make your subconscious think more that you actually have it,
giving your subconscoius more to explore!

I mean there is nothing wrong with I or my affirmations, which is basically
the "first person concept but don't you  think we should be convincing our subconscious a lot more! rather than saying 
you have this desire! We should bring in rather future events that would occur if you
had that desire!







FIRST PERSON- IS BASICALLY STATING YOU YOURSELF IS HAVING THIS DESIRES.







I truly believe there are soo many other concepts we can use, as we sure know 
there are SOOO MANY WAYS TO CONVINCE A PERSON THAT SOMETHING IS TRUE, basically 
thats how I came up with these concepts for affirmations! by basically convincing 













